Update Twitter connector documentation and code formatting (#118)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twitter: examples/tweet-performance-tracker/Tweet performance tracker.md

### 1. Setup Twitter developer account

Refer to the [Setup guide](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/twitter/latest#setup-guide) to obtain necessary credentials (client Id, client secret, tokens).

### 2. Configuration

> Configure Twitter API v2 credentials in the `Config.toml` file in the example directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `Config.toml` file in the example's root directory and, provide your Twitter account related configurations as follows:
```
